[docs] Improve documentation about bridges (#1506)
jump-dev/MathOptInterface.jl: docs/src/tutorials/bridging_constraint.md

   combination of function and set is supported by the bridge. By default, the 
   base implementation always returns `false` and the bridge does not have to 
   provide this implementation.
3. [`Bridges.added_constrained_variable_types`](@ref) and 
   [`Bridges.added_constraint_types`](@ref): these functions return the types 
   of variables and constraints that this bridge adds. They are used to compute
   the set of other bridges that are required to use the one you are defining, 
   if need be.

More functions can be implemented, for instance to retrieve properties from the 
bridge or deleting a bridged constraint.

### 1. Structure for the bridge

A typical `struct` behind a bridge depends on the type of the coefficients that
are used for the model (typically `Float64`, but coefficients might also be 
integers or complex numbers).

This structure must hold a reference to all the variables and the constraints 
that are created as part of the bridge.

The type of this structure is used throughout MOI as an identifier for the 
bridge. It is passed as argument to most functions related to bridges.

The best practice is to have the name of this type end with `Bridge`.

> In our example, the bridge should be able to map any 

Reviewer: Introduce this a bit more.

```
To explain how to implement a bridge, we present the example of
[`Bridges.Constraint.FlipSignBridge`](@ref). This bridge maps ...
```

`ScalarAffineFunction{T}`-in-`LessThan{T}` constraint to a single
`ScalarAffineFunction{T}`-in-`GreaterThan{T}` constraint. The affine function
has coefficients of type `T`. The bridge is parametrized with `T`, so that the 
constraint that the bridge creates also has coefficients of type `T`.

```julia

> struct SignBridge{T <: Number} <: Bridges.Constraint.AbstractBridge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
struct SignBridge{T<:Number} <: Bridges.Constraint.AbstractBridge
```

    constraint::ConstraintIndex{ScalarAffineFunction{T}, GreaterThan{T}}
end
```

### 2. Bridge creation

The function [`Bridges.Constraint.bridge_constraint`](@ref) is called whenever
the bridge should be instantiated for a specific model, with the given function

> and set. The arguments to `bridge_constraint` are highly similar to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and set. The arguments to `bridge_constraint` are similar to 
```

[`add_constraint`](@ref), with the exception of the first argument: it is the

> type of the structure defined in the first step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Type` of the struct defined in the first step.
```

> `bridge_constraint` returns an object whose type is the structure defined in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bridge_constraint` returns an instance of the struct defined in the first step.
```

the first step.

In our example, the bridge constraint could be defined as: 

```julia
function Bridges.Constraint.bridge_constraint(
    ::Type{SignBridge{T}}, # Bridge to use.

>     model, # Model to which the constraint is being added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    model::MOI.ModelLike, # Model to which the constraint is being added.
```

    ::Type{ScalarAffineFunction{T}}, # Function to rewrite.
    ::Type{LessThan{T}}, # Set to rewrite.
) where {T}
    # Do some computation to ensure that the constraint is supported.
    # Typically, you can directly return true.
    return true
end
```

### 4. Metadata about the bridge

To determine whether a bridge can be used, MOI uses a shortest-path algorithm
that uses the variable types and the constraints that the bridge can create. 
This information is communicated from the bridge to MOI using the functions 
[`Bridges.added_constrained_variable_types`](@ref) and 
[`Bridges.added_constraint_types`](@ref). Both return lists of tuples: 
either a list of 1-tuples containing the variable types (typically, `ZeroOne` 
or `Integer`) or a list of 2-tuples contained the functions and sets (like 
`ScalarAffineFunction{T}`-`GreaterThan`).

For our example, the bridge does not create any constrained variables, and
only `ScalarAffineFunction{T}`-in-`GreaterThan{T}` constraints:

```julia
function Bridges.added_constrained_variable_types(::Type{SignBridge{T}}) where {T}
    # The bridge does not create variables, return an empty list of tuples: 

>     return Tuple{DataType}[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return Tuple{Type}[]
```

end

function Bridges.added_constraint_types(::Type{SignBridge{T}}) where {T}

>     return [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return Tuple{Type,Type}[
```

        # One element per F-in-S the bridge creates.
        (ScalarAffineFunction{T}, GreaterThan{T}),
    ]
end
```

A bridge that creates binary variables would rather have this definition of 
`added_constrained_variable_types`:

```julia
function Bridges.added_constrained_variable_types(::Type{SomeBridge{T}}) where {T}
    # The bridge only creates binary variables: 

>     return [(MOI.ZeroOne,)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return Tuple{Type}[(MOI.ZeroOne,)]
```

end
```

## Bridge registration

For a bridge to be used by MOI, it must be known by MOI. 

### `SingleBridgeOptimizer`

The first way to do so is to create a single-bridge optimizer. This type of 
optimizer wraps another optimizer and adds the possibility to use only one 
bridge. It is especially useful when unit testing bridges.

It is common practice to use the same name as the type defined for the bridge
(`SignBridge`, in our example) without the suffix `Bridge`.

```julia

> const Sign{T, OT <: MOI.ModelLike} =

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const Sign{T,OT<: MOI.ModelLike} =
```

In our example, we only have one constraint and only have to implement the 
[`NumberOfConstraints`](@ref) and [`ListOfConstraintIndices`](@ref) attributes:

```julia
function get(
    ::SignBridge{T},
    ::NumberOfConstraints{
        ScalarAffineFunction{T},
        GreaterThan{T},
    },
) where {T}
    return 1
end

function get(
    bridge::SignBridge{T},
    ::ListOfConstraintIndices{
        ScalarAffineFunction{T},
        GreaterThan{T},
    },
) where {T}
    return [bridge.constraint]
end
```

You must implement one such pair of functions for each type of constraint the 
bridge adds to the model.

!!! warning
    Avoid returning a list from the bridge object without copying it. Users 
    should be able to change the contents of the returned list without altering
    the bridge object.

For variables, the situation is simpler. If your bridge creates new variables, 
you should implement the [`NumberOfVariables`](@ref) and 
[`ListOfVariableIndices`](@ref) attributes. However, these attributes do not have
parameters, unlike their constraint counterparts. Only two functions suffice:

```julia
function get(
    ::SignBridge{T},
    ::NumberOfVariables,
) where {T}

>     return …

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return 0
```

end

function get(
    ::SignBridge{T},
    ::ListOfVariableIndices,
) where {T}

>     return …

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return MOI.VariableIndex[]
```

end
```

### Model modifications

When the user requests a change to a constraint, MOI does its best to avoid

> copying the model, whence the modification API. Bridges can also implement 

Reviewer: Be more direct. 
```
To avoid copying the model when the user request to change a constraint, MOI provides [`MOI.modify`](@ref).
```

* A scalar function only has one dimension. MOI defines three types of scalar 
  functions: a variable ([`SingleVariable`](@ref)), an affine function 
  ([`ScalarAffineFunction`](@ref)), or a quadratic function 
  ([`ScalarQuadraticFunction`](@ref)).
* A vector function has several dimensions (at least one). MOI defines three 
  types of vector functions: several variables ([`VectorOfVariables`](@ref)), 
  an affine function ([`VectorAffineFunction`](@ref)), or a quadratic function 
  ([`VectorQuadraticFunction`](@ref)). The main difference with scalar functions 
  is that the order of dimensions can be very important: for instance, in an 
  indicator constraint ([`Indicator`](@ref)), the first dimension indicates
  whether the constraint about the second dimension is active.

## Four parts in a constraint bridge

The first part of a constraint bridge is a new concrete type that inherits from
[`Bridges.Constraint.AbstractBridge`](@ref). This type must have fields to 
store all the new variables and constraints that the bridge will add. 
Typically, these types are parametrized by the type of the coefficients in the
model.

Then, three sets of functions must be defined: 

> 1. `Bridges.Constraint.bridge_constraint`: this function implements the bridge

Reviewer: Can we add links to the docstrings?
